# Lagrange-Polynomial-Interpolation

Used as an alternative to Machine Learning. Interpolation is a type of estimation, a method of constructing new data points within the range of a discrete set of known data points. Specifically Lagrange Polynomials are used for this method.

Machine Learning has its place for sure and seems to be the prefered method for all qualitative and quantitative analysis in terms of trying to predicting results based on a given data set. Interpolation is less popular and perhaps a little more combersome to implement for those that are unfamiliar. Once understood however, it can be employed with stellar results. Think of it as a bespoke from scratch method, whereas Machine Learning is more or less ready made or prepackaged.    

This code was written to predict a feeding schedule for some friendly creatures of this earth that appear to like to take selfies with humans. It is assumed that data, listed in the .txt and .csv file, is collected by a non-profit organization dedicated to servicing these kind creatures. The measurements include amount of food prepared/comsumed, an id# for each animal, and a 'happines score'. The higher the happines score, the more selfies these animals take with humans. This in turn creates more money donated to the non-profit organization, which will then be able to care for more animals! This code helps determine how much food to prepare for each animal while minimizing the amount of unfinished food while maximizing the ratio of # of selfies taken to total kilograms of food prepared for each animal.
